react 


> What is React?


React is an open-source frontend JavaScript library which is used for building user interfaces especially for single page applications.
 It is used for handling view layer for web and mobile apps. React was created by Jordan Walke,
 a software engineer working for Facebook. React was first deployed on Facebook's News Feed in 2011 and on Instagram in 2012.

> React feature

React creates very interactive and dynamic user interface for websites and mobile applications.
Create simple views for each state in your application, and React will efficiently update and
render just the right components when your data changes


> What is JSX?

JSX is a syntax extension of JavaScript. It is used with React to describe what the user 
interface should look like. By using JSX, we can write HTML structures in the same file that contains JavaScript code.
Web browsers cannot read JSX directly. This is because they are built to only read regular JS objects and JSX is not a regular JavaScript object 
For a web browser to read a JSX file, the file needs to be transformed into a regular JavaScript object. For this, we use Babel.


>  What is the virtual DOM?

DOM stands for Document Object Model. The DOM represents an HTML document with a logical tree structure.
Each branch of the tree ends in a node, and each node contains objects.
When the state of an object changes, the virtual DOM changes only that object in the real DOM,
rather than updating all the objects.


> Why use React instead of other frameworks, like Angular?

Easy creation of dynamic applications
Improved performance
Reusable components


> difference between JavaScript and ES6(ECMA Script 6) ?

Basically there is no difference between JavaScript and ES6(ECMA Script 6).
ECMA Script is the official name of JavaScript. ES 6 is the version of JavaScript 2015. ... ES6 is the improved version of the ES5.


> What is an event in React?

An event is an action that a user or system may trigger, such as pressing a key, a mouse click, etc.
React events are named using camelCase, rather than lowercase in HTML.
With JSX, you pass a function as the event handler, rather than a string in HTML.


>  Why is there a need for using keys in Lists?

A key is a unique identifier and it is used to identify which items have changed, been updated or deleted from the lists
It also helps to determine which components need to be re-rendered instead of re-rendering all the components every time.
Therefore, it increases performance, as only the updated components are re-rendered


> What are the components in React?

Components are the building blocks of any React application, and a single app usually consists of multiple components.
 A component is essentially a piece of the user interface


> What is the use of render() in React?

It is required for each component to have a render() function. This function returns the HTML, which is to be displayed in the component.


> What is a state in React?

The state is a built-in React object that is used to contain data or information about the component. 
The state in a component can change over time, and whenever it changes, the component re-renders.
The change in state can happen as a response to user action or system-generated events.
 It determines the behavior of the component and how it will render


> What are props in React? 

Props provide a way to pass data from one component to another component. Props are passed to the component in the same way as arguments are passed in a function.



> What is a higher-order component in React?

A higher-order component acts as a container for other components. This helps to keep components simple and enables re-usability.
They are generally used when multiple components have to use a common logic. 



> What is Redux?

Redux is an open-source, JavaScript library used to manage the application state. React uses Redux to build the user interface.
It is a predictable state container for JavaScript applications and is used for the entire application’s state management.


> What are the components of Redux?


Store: Holds the state of the application.
Action: The source information for the store.
Reducer: Specifies how the application's state changes in response to actions sent to the store.




















